update blog (#485)
ebpf-io/ebpf.io-website: content/blog-posts/2023-08-16-ebpf-for-security/index.md

---

date: '2023-08-16T11:36:00.000Z'
title: 'EBPF For Security: Evolution Or Revolution?'
ogImage: ogimage.jpeg

> description: 'Explore eBPF rise as a pivotal tool for Linux kernel security. Learn about its transition from a network packet filter to a powerful tool for tracing and analysing system activity, and its transformative role in modern cloud and internet security'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Explore eBPF's rise as a pivotal tool for Linux kernel security. Learn about its transition from a network packet filter to a powerful tool for tracing and analysing system activity, and its transformative role in modern cloud and internet security'
```

Author: we can't add the apostrophe because it'll break the build. That's why I left it that way, what I can do is to rephrase to 
"Explore the rise of ebPF"

Reviewer: If you switch from ' to " it won't break the build

Author: oh, didn't know this

---
date: '2023-08-16T11:36:00.000Z'
title: 'EBPF For Security: Evolution Or Revolution?'
ogImage: ogimage.jpeg

> description: 'Explore eBPF"s rise as a pivotal tool for Linux kernel security. Learn about its transition from a network packet filter to a powerful tool for tracing and analysing system activity, and its transformative role in modern cloud and internet security'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Explore eBPF's rise as a pivotal tool for Linux kernel security. Learn about its transition from a network packet filter to a powerful tool for tracing and analysing system activity, and its transformative role in modern cloud and internet security"
```
